long time no see YouTube I'm officially
back and I come bearing gifts now if you
don't know me my name is Deon ja and I
what some people might consider a
Content Guru and to give you a quick 20
second background check right now I
currently have 320,000 followers on
Instagram as you can see on the little
[__] digital clock within the past 62
weeks which is a little bit over a year
I've not posted a video that has gotten
under 100,000 views and for the past 365
days I've averaged out at around 488,000
views per video and that's me in a
little bit of a glimpse of what I've
done but who really gives a [__] let's
get into what this video will do for you
now for context if you have not seen my
Instagram lately I recently released my
newest entry level program media
Launchpad now this video isn't about me
selling you my course if you think my
[__] is good then I trust that you'll
check it out in your own [__] time so
there is no pitch within this video what
this video is about is me giving you a
special module for Midi Launchpad for
the cost of absolutely nothing now in
every single course I create I always
want to shut off the course by giving my
clients quick wins some quick and
actionable tips that they can Implement
today and see some sorts of results from
and that is the module that I'm going to
be giving you in this video so with that
said this course module is 17 minutes
and 43 seconds long and it rapid fires
off five tactical tips that you can
learn from and Implement into your
content as soon as you get done watching
this video going over scripting a viral
video recording a viral video and then
lastly editing a viral video so make
sure you're sitting down some requir
with a pen and paper ready to take notes
and most importantly ready to take
action now if you already know that you
you want to join midi Launchpad and you
just want to watch this video and the
actual course itself then there's the
link in the description or you can just
message me the word launcher on
Instagram and I'll take care of you but
without further Ado let's hop in just so
you feel good about your purchase
welcome to Quick wins all right so in
this module all I'm going to do is just
Rel some of the valuable information
that I'll give you in later portions of
this course I'm going to do this for two
different reasons the first reason being
I want to give you guys some quick wins
in the beginning some simple and
effective tips that you can Implement
today and notice some sorts of quick
results from As you move throughout this
course and then reason number two being
is that I believe foundations is the
most important portion of this course
and I want you guys to watch it so by me
scratching your itch for some quick
content tips I am expecting that this
buys your attention for the next
upcoming modules that will lay down your
content foundation so essentially I will
give you what you want now in this
module and then you pay attention to
what you need afterwards does that sound
like a deal great then I'm going to shut
the up and then start rapid frying some
quick wins at you there are five quick
wins that I'm going to give you today
that revolve around your content
scripting your recording and your videos
editing and these five quick wins
consist of number one negativity always
wins number two the hook expansion
number three speaking in U form number
four and second to last you have
recording like a g and then lastly we go
over optimize captions now we're going
to go through all of these in this video
so pull out a pen and paper and be
prepared to take notes because I shoved
as much value as I possibly could into
this 20-minute module to make sure that
you kick off your content creation
Journey right so without further Ado
let's begin with number
one negativity always wins on social
media negativity more often than not
wins for example imagine I call it
someone's Grandma a fat [__] they would
be nine out of 10 mad at that statement
but if I call their Grandma a sweet old
lady they might only be around 6 out of
10 happy which leads to the point that I
would invoke more attention and more
emotion out of the viewer by being
negative towards someone's Grandma
rather than being positive now of course
we do want to have a platform and by no
means am I saying that you should be a
head within your content but what I am
saying is that you should be using
negativity in your content that is
indirect to the viewer and by indirect
to the viewer I mean don't [__] on the
viewer and themselves or their grandma
notice how I said Somebody's grandma
whenever I gave the example and that's
your grandma you always want to be
negative to the mistake that the viewer
is making and never the viewer
themselves here's an example of a
positive versus a negative hook that way
you can see what I mean all right so for
this example let's say you are a fitness
coach that's creating a video upon how
to get bigger legs a positive hook might
look something like these three leg
workouts are so much better than squats
and the last one is the best eh it was
okay let's see what a negative hook
looks like squats just suck whenever it
comes to actually growing your legs
instead of wasting your time in the gym
here are three alternative leg workouts
that'll actually get you some tree
trunks for legs now which one do you
believe that you would watch for longer
the positive or the negative hopefully
you got the point and if you didn't too
bad we're going to move on anyways which
brings us to number two broadening out
your content this is something that I'd
argue is probably one of the best ways
to increase the engagement to any post
and that is the idea of swapping what is
called a niche hook that you would use
to Target your idol clients or viewers
you should take that Niche hook and try
to make it as broad as possible and then
in your video filter your Audience by
niching down throughout your video what
do I mean by this well I can show you
better than I can tell you we're going
to take a look at a live example from
one of my clients Brian Mark for context
Brian Mark is an eight-figure
entrepreneur who helps online personal
trainers hit their first 10K month so
with that in mind this video is made for
Fitness coaches now in his video I want
you to focus on two things number one
how broad his Hook is and number two how
he filters down to his niche of helping
online personal trainers throughout his
value let's take a look when someone
says you're too expensive first don't
try to justify the price shut the up and
then ask them expensive compared to what
they'll probably say something like well
like I know somebody else that's cheaper
here's how you respond to that so Matt
let me ask you if you were to take your
family out for a nice dinner would you
take them to a steakhouse or would you
take them to McDonald's well probably a
steakhouse exactly so if you want to
look like you have a McDonald's personal
trainer I can refer you to somebody
cheaper but if you want a program with
guaranteed results and Elite level
service this is the program for you so
what do you say do you want to make
double or do you want the best boom
you're welcome go make some money okay
so before I told Brian to broaden out
his hook his original Hook was if
someone says that your fitness program
is too expensive here's what you say now
that hook was only really relevant to
Fitness coaches now that hook was only
really relevant to Fitness coaches so
what we did is we broadened out his hook
to what you just saw in that video now
this broaden out version of the hook
isn't only relevant to Fitness coaches
anymore this Hook is literally relevant
to anyone who sells anything Brian
tailored the value in a way that made it
for his target audience of Fitness
coaches listen so Matt let me ask you if
you were to take your family out for a
nice dinner would you take them to a
steakhouse or would you take them to
McDonald's well probably a steakhouse
exactly so if you want to look like you
have a McDonald's personal trainer I can
refer you to somebody cheaper but if you
want to program with guaranteed results
and Elite level service this is the
program for you so what do you say do
you want to make double or do you want
the best boom you're welcome go make
some money so instead of Bri making a
video that only Fitness coaches would
watch Brian broadened out his hook to
make the video relevant to pretty much
everyone and then Niche down his value
throughout this video to Target his
ideal client and because he did it this
way this video brought to Brian a
combination of $4 million views and
116,000 likes so broaden out your hook
and Niche down throughout your video now
of course some of you might be thinking
I really only care about Target clients
watching my videos I only want to make
money that is an absolute way of
thinking and I'll tell you why if your
hook is niched down it's by definition
going to relate to less people so let's
say you made a video targeting your
target audience and that video got 5,000
views and if we're being generous let's
say out of those 5,000 views a thousand
of them were your idol clients that
means 20% of viewers were potential
customers now on the contrary let's say
you made an extremely broad hook that
can relate to pretty much everyone and
let's say you posted that broader hook
and it reached 200,000 people but only
5,000 of those people were your idle
clients that means only 5% of your
viewers were potential customers now the
obvious explanation on why the broader
hook method would be better is because
the amount of Ido clients would increase
by 500% and of course that's a really
big reason on why broader is better but
I like to take it a step further a
phrase that you hear me say a lot
throughout the this course is something
I took from hosi and that is 99% of
people will never buy from you but those
are the ones who will create or destroy
your reputation so even if 99% of people
never buy if done right those people
will lead you to making more money in
the long run so when you br out your
hook to get more attention that increase
in reach does two things number one
it'll lead to a larger amount of
consumption meaning if that consumption
was positive then your reputation
strengthens and that strong reputation
by association will carry over to your
product and then number two it'll
increase the amount of Ideal clients
that you are able to reach over time so
if individual watching your content is
not qualify for your product but they do
become a fan of your content then their
consumption will lead to more
consumption because the more people that
watch and engage with your content the
more the Instagram or whatever platform
you're posting on will distribute it to
new people and Hefty percentage of those
new people consist of your idol clients
AKA more people will buy your plus by
niching down throughout your video
you're still getting more attention
while still letting your your ideal
audience know that your video was made
for them this is a strategy that I call
hook expansion and we'll talk about it a
little bit later in scripting 101 and
that is the last Quick win around your
hook so now let's talk about a quick win
whenever it comes to scripting the rest
of your video want a break from the ads
if you DM me coaster on Instagram I will
send you 10 viral hooks for free yes
really DM me coaster on Instagram and I
will send you 10 viral hooks for free
and that brings us to number three
speaking and you format there is one
word that is easily the most important
word in the English language whenever it
comes to scripting out your videos and
that one word is you and this is for
obvious reasons for example what would
you prefer would you prefer to attend a
public event with Elon Musk as the
speaker or would you prefer a one-on-one
meeting with Elon Musk himself obviously
it would be the one-on-one meeting and
that is because people love
personalization so the closest that we
can get to that to with in our content
or at least the closest that we can
create the perception of that the better
and there's only two ways that you can
create this perception in your content
with you format and that is you can
either replace the plural or give the
ownership now the first way is the most
common way that you can utilize you
formats within your content and that is
to replace any plural language within
your script with the word you now this
is replacing words like y'all for you
you guys for you everyone for you and
then you can even start replacing
phrases so for example instead of saying
people might often find you would
replace that with you might find and
then once you can start doing that you
can start doing it to entire sentences
so for example if you were to speak in
plural language you might say anyone who
follows this diet plan they will lose
weight versus if you speak in U format
if you follow this diet plan you will
lose weight and basically pretty much
anything that is plural you replace it
with the word youu and that is the first
way that you can add U formats to your
content the second way you can utilize
you formats within your script is to
give the ownership and this is something
that I bet a lot lot of you guys are not
doing let me ask you which one of these
two do you believe would be better at
getting your attention do you like the
dog or do you like your dog of course
it's going to be your dog because I
mentioned something that you own even
though do you like the dog had the word
you in it it still was not truly
personalized because it has nothing to
do with you outside of me asking you a
question but whenever I added ownership
into the scenario by saying your dog all
of the sudden it becomes much more
personal and that is the power of giving
the ownership here's some more practical
examples when you get to near to the end
of the sales call and when you finish
the presentation then give them the
price you would swap that with when you
get near the end of your sales call and
you finish your presentation then give
them your price do you see the
difference here's another example it is
so easy to see the benefits of creating
content if it's made into a habit and
stuck to for 6 months versus you will
easily see the benefits of creating
content if you make it a part of your
routine and you stick to it for 6 months
that's how you utilize replacing the
plural and giving the ownership within
your content using your formats within
your scripts and in your content is a
very small change but I promise you that
it makes the world of a difference so
once you finally get done writing a
script read it over and actively scan
for all the opportunities to either
replace the plural or give the
ownership and once you've done your U
format scan then you're ready for number
four on this list record Like a G now
there is a lot that goes into recording
as perfect as me I mean the handsome
face the deep voice I don't think it
gets much better than this everyone
always wants the best ideas we all want
the coolest edits and we spend hours
making our script perfect to make sure
that we always say the right thing but
one thing that I think that we all
Overlook is how us as the creators
present all of these cool things because
it doesn't matter how good your video
idea was if your recording skills suck
and it doesn't matter how cool your
video edits are if your recording skills
suck and it doesn't matter how good your
script was if your recording skills suck
however if your recording skills are
just out of this world and you can still
be missing all three of those things and
still have a good performing video now
in recording 101 I go extremely deep on
this but in quick wins we're going to
focus on four of the biggest things that
you need to avoid whenever it comes to
recording your videos if you can avoid
just these four things then I promise
you that you will be ahead of 90% of
people out there so first let's start
with what to wear on your film day or
more importantly What Not to Wear you
never want to wear two kinds of shirts
you never want to wear a white shirt and
you never want to wear a shirt with big
text on it when you wear a white shirt
all that does is to make the captions
blend in with your Shir making the
captions harder to read and to fix that
you or the editor has to raise the
strokey your captions and at the end of
it your captions will either be a
unreadable or B look like [__] and then
if you're wearing a shirt with big words
on it then your captions will overlap
the shirts text and just become a
distraction in your video making it even
harder to pay attention so when you're
picking out your next recording outfit
attempt to make sure that it's simple
and clean and make sure that you do not
to wear a white shirt or a shirt with
big text on it and just to be clear this
is bad example however we're recording a
course module so it but typically if you
look at my Instagram I wear a simple
typically black shirt that has no text
on it anyways once you have your cleaned
simple shirt on then it's time to
actually start recording which brings us
to number two reading your script line
by line every single one of you should
be using a script whenever you're
recording you are not an exception and
you are not special 99% of the time I
think we can all agree the Excellence is
formed in preparation so you're most
likely not just going to blurt out a
video that has a captivating hook 10 out
of 10 value with perfect narration even
the best of the best whenever it comes
to optic of content guys like heroi will
still prepare a script whenever he needs
to perform at his best do you think his
book launch wasn't prepared word for
word record with theing script and if
you don't want to use a script it's not
because you're just so good at speaking
it is either because you are so bad at
writing or you don't see the value in
sitting down for an hour to make a good
video either way writing is a skill that
you can learn and that I'm going to
teach you in this course and if you
don't see the value of spending 30
minutes to an hour to just just sit down
and make a good video just give it
through modules and that will change but
back to the point once you have your
prepared script in front of you the
worst thing that you can do is try to
read the entire thing or even read it in
big chunks you're going to be out of
breath you're going to start
mispronouncing things and you're going
to forget half the words so when you're
using a script always separate your
script line by line and then read it off
as such look at your phone your laptop
teleprompter or whatever you might have
the script on read one line out loud and
then say it to the camera then resay it
and resay it over and over and over
again until it comes out exactly how you
want it and do not let yourself get
discouraged while you do this it takes
everyone longer than anyone thinks to
read a script exactly how they like it
so don't feel frustrated whenever you
have to spend 10 or 15 minutes recording
a 40c video that is just a part of the
process so read your script line by line
and when you do this you want to avoid
the common mistake number three
forgetting hand placement the whole
purpose of using a script is to make it
not look like you're using a script so
if you read line by line and every every
single time you switch lines and you
forget where you put your hands it makes
it extremely clear that you're going off
a script which makes your video look a
little bit unnatural so when you're
reading your script line by line and
when you finish your line move on to the
next line always try to remember where
your hands ended and start from that
position every single time you begin a
new line this way it doesn't seem so
obvious that you are using a script and
speaking of natural that brings us to
our last recording common mistake
blinking I get it it is not natural to
have a huge light blaring into your eyes
and sometimes times your eyes might get
a little bit dry but please do not be
that guy that uncontrollably blinks
whenever they start recording imagine
you're networking at a business event
and like any other business event this
guy walks up to introduce himself and
spark a conversation he is well-dressed
and you can just kind of tell that he's
a decent entrepreneur but you just can't
help but notice that heing blinks every
2 seconds and as soon as you notice it
it quickly becomes the only thing that
you can think about no matter what this
dude says you're just trying to stop
focusing on the fact that he is
uncontrollably blinking it's the ex same
thing for when you record and if You'
never recorded before then you might be
thinking I wouldn't do that [__] I mean
I'm going to Blink normally whenever I
record I can promise you with working
with a lot of clients it is more common
than you think I used to be a blinker
myself so just keep it in mind whenever
you do record with that said am I saying
to never blink whenever you're recording
of course not if you never blink while
you record then you'll just end up
looking like a robot A good rule of
thumb is to always try to Blink before
you start actually speaking into the
camera these are the four most common
mistakes that beginners make when
recording avoid these four mist stakes
and I guarantee that you will come out
of the gate strong and record better
than 99% of creators AKA you'll start
recording like a g and once you start
recording videos like a g well you'll
end up needing some of those videos
edited so with that said that brings us
to our last Quick win on this list
caption placement the easiest editing
tip that you or your editor should
always stick to is to keep the captions
a little bit to below your chin think
about it if your captions are down here
then you're making your view re choose
between looking at you or your captions
but if you raise your captions to right
below your chin then you give the the
viewer the ability to look at both and
if at any point it becomes inconvenient
for your captions to be there for
example if there's a graphic or
something else that you want to be
placed into the focal point of your
video then just remove your captions all
together until the focal point is swaped
back onto your captions this will
automatically make your videos much
easier to watch and ensure that you're
recording like a g does not go to waste
so make sure your captions are placed
below your chin and your golden and that
concludes today's list of quick ones
again this is just a quick list of
things that you can utilize within your
content starting today and Implement As
you move throughout this course this was
not even close to what I'm going to give
you in the further modules again this
will not be a normal course I will give
you the best materials in the world to
build your bridge but it is up to you to
take these materials and build your
Bridge from where you are to where you
want to be so with that said you have
some building to do and I have some cool
[__] to give you so let's move into the
rest of foundations that will not only
help you create a memorable personal
brand but more importantly a personal
brand that people want to buy from I'll
see you in the next one and that is it
now of course this is just the tip of
the iceberg of what you actually need to
act on within content creation but
hopefully I was successful in my
Endeavor to give you guys the most
action-packed and most value packed 17
minutes of your entire life not
action-packed I bet this is [__]
boring but hopefully you learn something
anyways with that said if you are
serious about growing your business
through short form content and you're
looking for the next step to do so then
feel free to check out the description
or message me the word launcher on
Instagram other than that I hope you
guys have an Immaculate rest of your day
and let's end it off with our signature
as always subscribe for more value